Update release notes for 1.6.6 (#2215)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

Unreleased
==========

1.6.6
=====
* Introduced "Pull an existing site" flow to create local sites from WordPress.com #2141, #2197, #2192

> * Introduced "Publish site" button to deploy local sites to WordPress.com (Beta Feature) #2150, #2208

Reviewer: The publish site is available to all users. Let's remove the `beta feature` part.

```suggestion
* Introduced "Publish site" button to deploy local sites to WordPress.com #2150
```

Unreleased
==========

1.6.6
=====

> * New "Pull an existing site" flow to create local sites from WordPress.com #2141, #2197

Reviewer 2: I think we can use some verbs there to be consistent with previous release e.g. "Introduced new "Pull an existing site" flow here ..."

Author: Good point, thanks, updated it in a60933db.

> * New "Publish site" button to deploy local sites to WordPress.com (Beta Feature) #2150, #2208

Reviewer 2: This item and one above can probably be combined into something like "Improved an onboarding flow..." or something along these lines

Reviewer 3: It's also okay to keep two, as they target two different parts of the flow.

Author: I'd opt for keeping the two separate as well.

* Added "Open in Studio" button for blueprints generated by Studio Assistant #2104
* Added toggle to Settings modal to install/uninstall Studio CLI #2041
* Added warning when pushing a site with an outdated WordPress version #2136

> * Show sync selection size (e.g. 1.2 GB / 2 GB) in site push dialog #2125

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added display for the sync selection size (e.g. 1.2 GB / 2 GB) in site push dialog #2125
```

Author: Thanks, I added it in a60933db.

* Improved onboarding flow with WordPress.com authentication #2139, #2157, #2176
* CLI: Added tilde expansion support in path options on Posix systems #2204

> * CLI: Keep SQLite plugin up-to-date when starting sites #2145

Reviewer 3: Are those two CLI changes available in the production build?

Author: #2145 is, but #2204 was merged to a different branch, I removed it in 03e50a5d.

> * Fixed sync size calculator ignoring database when all files selected #2199

Reviewer 3: It seems to be covered by "Show sync selection size (e.g. 1.2 GB / 2 GB) in site push dialog" entry.

Reviewer 2: + 1 to this one

Although the bug was there before 🙈  but it was not something visually available for the user so I don't think we need to split this in two items

Author: I removed it in 03e50a5d and moved the PR to the other feature.

* Fixed close modal when adding a blank site #2163

> * Fixed regression related to Windows CLI installer #2153

Reviewer 3: Is it covered by "Added toggle to Settings modal to install/uninstall Studio CLI" ?

Author: I think it's related, I moved the PR to that line in 03e50a5d.

> * Fixed quick blink when starting Studio onboarding #2192

Reviewer 2: I think this can be combined with the first two items as they all fall within the same umbrella of improving onboarding

Author: Merged it in [d96a0bb](https://github.com/Automattic/studio/pull/2215/commits/d96a0bbad428e1b8c5d0118c2ca7cefb343e6122).
